[Hook: B.o.B]
Im, Im, Im, Im
Im out of my, out of my mind
Out of my fucking mind
Im, Im
Im out of my, out of my mind
Out of my mind
Im, Im
Out of my, out of my mind
Im, Im, Im
Im out of my, out of my mind (Mind, mind, mind, mind)
Im out of my fucking mind
Out of my fucking mind (Mind, mind, mind)
[Verse 1: B.o.B]
Im out of my fucking mind, G-G-golly, oh my
I was doing fine, once upon a time
Then my brain left and it didnt say bye
Dont look at me wrong; Im out of my mind
Like Nostradamus and da Vinci combined
So paranoid of espionage
Im watching my doors and checking my blinds
My brain is on vacation, they telling me
And Im bi-polar to the severity
And I need medication, apparently
And some electrocompulsive therapy
I am a rebel but yes Im so militant
Still Im eligible for disabilities
I am psychotic but there is no remedy
This is not figurative, this is literally
If these niggas go dumb, I go to the mental facility
See, man Im so out there, I slap fives with E.T
I dont need a feature, they dont wanna eat I'm ala carte when Im on this beat
If you feel the same as me, then you gotta agree
[Hook]
[Verse 2: Nicki Minaj]
Whats your name? B.o.B?
So, they callin you Bob?
Stop playing, nigga, you know that Im known for the Bob
Couple hit songs, got you thinking you a hearthrob
Well, this thang so good, make a nigga wanna sob (Hmm, hmm)
You dont need a feature?
Nigga, Im the feature
You gon be the priest, and Imma be the preacher
You can be the he-man, Imma be the she-ra
You can be the Grim, Imma be the Reaper
Now, now airplanes in the night skies
Are like shooting stars?
Well, you gon really need a wish right now
When my goons come through and start shooting stars
You know, Im all about shoes and cars
Im kinda drunk off booze Bacardi
I told Baby when I get my new advance
Imma blow that motherfucker on a blue Bugatti
You know, I graduated summa cum laude
Thats why they thinking Im Illuminati
And matter fact, lets kiss and make-up
Ill help you escape on my blue Ducati
Hallelujah!
[Hook]
[Interlude: B.o.B]
Im out of it
I cant seem to come out of it
Whats going on inside of my head?
It feels like Im being John Malkovich
Ladies and gentlemen, please turn it down a bit
Theres an announcement, I like to announce (It)
Wait, how am Im suppose to pronounce this shit?
[Verse 3: B.o.B]
I dont need this song, I dont need this nigga
Cause a nigga bring the noise like an onomonopia
Leave him in the dust, all he see is my Adidas
Na na na na boo boo, wouldnt want to be ya
Never turnin back, how you think I got here?
And Im never slowing down, fuck was that a deer?
If you got a problem, step to the office
Matter fact, never mind, talk to the Kiosk, Biatch
You have no idea
Thats why they call me B dot been a maniac ever since I was knee-high
Im gonna need help, someone call Charter, maybe call FEMA
Cause I got to be crazy or outta my mind to have this many stamps on my VISA
[Hook]
[Outro: B.o.B]
Wait, if Im here and youre there?
And if Im here and youre there?
And if Im here and youre there?
And if Im here and youre there?
And if Im here and youre there?
And if Im here and youre there?
[Outro: Nicki Minaj (whispering)]
Um, yeah, yeah
Nicki, B.o.B, ho
(Shh they might be listening)

Songwriters
SIMMONS, BOBBY RAY JR. / MARAJ, ONIKA TANYA / GRANT, ALEXANDER JUNIOR / GOTTWALD, LUKASZ / JOMPHE-LEPINE, MATHIEU / HILL, STEPHEN / JONES, JAMIESON XAVIER / DUSSOLLIET, JEREMY / SOMMERS, TIM / FRANKS, JUSTIN SCOTT

Published by
Lyrics © Universal Music Publishing Group, Warner/Chappell Music, Inc.

Read more: B.O.B. - Out Of My Mind Lyrics | MetroLyrics
