(Kirko...Bangz..)
Verse 1:

I done came down, hold up...
I done came down, hold up; grip da grain rolled up
And ya girlfriend want ah nigga like me cuz I ain't tryna control ha
She call me when she wanna change, black diamond...my pinky ring
She know you weak and we ain't the same; you hit the scene, I make the scene
I'm in ha head like maybelline, H-town so I'm made to lean;
I'm in ha soul I'll make ha scream, I don't ride da toll I don't pay wit change
I'm easy to tag like peter pan, she want a man don't need a man;
I'm flying down your boulevard, she cooking dinner wit yo pans.
Drapped up dripped out yo bitch know what I'm talkin bout. Pulls up
pulls out, we get it poppin in parking lot; she like to do it wit da lights on,
dun matta to me if its dark or not; I'm G'd up, East up, fossil pants I'm hard as a rock.

Hook:

Girl I know how much you really want somebody, want somebody that dun really need you
Girl I know how much you really want somebody, want somebody that ain't tryna keep...
You know what I said, that can put chu to bed; that ain't tryna love you baby just fuck you instead
And don't tell him nuthin baby, you know that I'm coming baby; just hit up my phone whenever
You need you some company, I got this drank in my cup...Oh yeah...I got this drank in my cup
(Draaaaaaaaaaank) I got this drank in my cup...(Draaaaaaaank...Bangz)

Verse 2:

I done came down came up, slow pitch change up; same hood same style
same drank same cup. She call me when she wanna fuck, I never call she knows what's up
Same page, same book; different song same hook. Every time ha nigga trippin she on da phone
With the same crook and every time I pull up she hittin me wit that same look; lips bitin, hips right,
She left ha man for that get right, I'm in the middle like midnight but only if you got that sip tight
Only if you got the wine fine, only if you got that sip tight; only if you got that mine bomb only if you
Got that sip tight. Eat that shit like wonton, jokin baby I'm pimp type; I'm use to bein that one and done
But girl you got that (Get...get right...)

Hook:

Girl I know how much you really want somebody, want somebody that dun really need you
Girl I know how much you really want somebody, want somebody that ain't tryna keep...
You know what I said, that can put chu to bed; that ain't tryna love you baby just fuck you instead
And don't tell him nuthin baby, you know that I'm coming baby; just hit up my phone whenever
You need you some company, I got this drank in my cup...(H-town...Oh yeah...I got this drank in my cup
I got this drank in my cup cup cup)...I done came down hold up...hold up...I said hold up hold up...I done
Came down like hold up hold up hold up; Fuck...chea...

LOVE, LEXUS LASHEA ADAMSON

Songwriters
RANDLE, KIRK JEREL / GONZALEZ, RAUL / WILLIAMS, DAVID

Published by
Lyrics © Warner/Chappell Music, Inc., REACH MUSIC PUBLISHING

Read more: Kirko Bangz - Drank In My Cup Lyrics | MetroLyrics
