Lets do this dirty laundry, this dirty laundry
Lets do this dirty laundry, this dirty laundry
When youre soaked in tears for years it never airs out
When you make pain look this good it never wears out.
This dirty laundry, this dirty laundry

While my sister was on stage, killin it like a motherfucker,
I was enraged, feeling it like a motherfucker,
Bird in a cage, you would never know what I was dealing with
Went our separate ways, but I was happy she was killin it.

Bittersweet, she was up, I was down
No lie, I feel good for her, but what do I do now?
Forget the records. Off the records was going through some bullshit
Post-survivor, she on fire, who wanna hear my bullshit?
Meanwhile this nigga putting his hands on me
Swear yall dont know the half of this industry

Lets do this dirty laundry, this dirty laundry
Lets do this dirty laundry, this dirty laundry
When youre soaked in tears for years, it never airs out
When you make pain look this good it never wears out.
Lets do this dirty laundry, this dirty laundry

And its almost been a decade
Im behind them black shades
Roll up like its all good, right up out that escalade
Fix my make-up, Get it together, Kelly, get it together
Then we make up, well get it together, nigga, get it together

Kinda lucky, I was in her shadow
Phone call from my sister, whats the matter?
She said, Oh no baby you gotta leave!
Im on the kitchen floor he took the keys.

I was mad at everybody I mean everybody
Yeah, her, her, her, her everybody
Five years later, I got my shit down bad
Think I had it good, and they dont know how bad
Fooled everybody, except myself
Soaking in this hurt, bathing in the dirt

Dirty laundry, this dirty laundry
Lets do this dirty laundry, this dirty laundry
When youre soaked in tears for years, it never airs out.
When you make pain look this good it never wears out.
Dirty laundry, laundry

So here I am in the spin cycle,
Were comin and were goin
Nobody can notice
And I was trapped in his houseLyin to my mama
Thought it could get no worser as we maximize the drama

Started to call them people on him..
I was battered
He hittin the window like it was me, until it shattered
He pulled me out, he said, Dont nobody love you but me
Not your mama, not your daddy and especially not Bey.
He turned me against my sister
I missed ya.

Lets do this dirty laundry, this dirty laundry
Lets do this dirty laundry, this dirty laundry
When youre soaked in tears for years, it never airs out
When you make pain look this good it never wears out.
Lets do this dirty laundry, dirty laundry

Love is pain, and pain is love
He had me fucked up

Love is pain, and pain is love
He had me fucked up

Songwriters
NASH, TERIUS / ROWLAND, KELLY / MCKINNEY, CARLOS

Published by
Lyrics © Warner/Chappell Music, Inc., Universal Music Publishing Group

Read more: Kelly Rowland - Dirty Laundry Lyrics | MetroLyrics
